AI photo detection wrapper (calorie counter app)
    Scan food/food labels

Pokemon Go but good (encourages walking)
    Upon installation, user is prompted with accessibility options
    Much more fitness oriented; multiple objectives. Built for indoors or far more local locations
        Difficulty in tracking said objectives, however.
    Objectives:
        Push ups
        Squats
        Sit ups
        Walking to objectives far away
        Chase objective
    Internal director allocates a certain level of difficulty to each day.
    Fake online fighting system?
        As you get healthier, your avatar gets stronger and performs better in fights?



Calorie burner counter w/ raspberry pi
    https://youtu.be/T4Da2zv3v0c?si=rWfb8nv_3beL3Ej6
    https://www.instructables.com/Simple-DIY-Pulse-Sensor/
        Requires:
            Infrared LED
            Specific Capacitors
            Raspberry pi
        Pros:
            Python backend, simple frontend
            Really cool
        Cons:
            Rather complicated even with access to infrared LED
    Paired with a phone app, hopefully is mostly digital
    Upon installation, set target calorie defecit, optionally ask for current weight, desired weight, age, gender, height?
    When pulse monitor is worn, track calories as a function of heartrate.
    Otherwise, extrapolate caloric data with some distance function
    

Mental health tracker
    Upon installing, requires you to enter your current mental improvement mediums
        e.g. Reading, writing, personal projects, playing an instrument
    User sets length of time they want to work on this each day
    User sets times they are available during the day generally
    During these allotted times, the app sends a notification to the user's phone, suggesting up to three possibilities (randomly selected)
        Upon clicking the notification, the app opens to the options, you select the option and the app starts a 60 countdown, indicating that the user should get ready
            Optional skip button for this countdown
        When countdown ends, the app starts an invisible timer for the set length of time, and effectively "locks" the phone.
            Emergency button towards the bottom, otherwise puts the phone in sleep if we can do so
        When timer ends, track the progress in a roadmap style. Return phone to normal function.
        Large "Completed a Task?" button to allow the user to add/remove tasks. Roadmap updates.
    Roadmap shows your progress in happiness plotted directly (points are connected)
        Also shows a linear regression of projected happiness trained on dataset given the current "happiness variables".
        
    
    General emphasis on sound and UI design